[Android] Upgrade androidx.appcompat to 1.2.0 (#11018)
expo/expo: packages/expo-splash-screen/CHANGELOG.md

- On Android fixed `SplashScreen` methods not working in managed workflow. Scoped the `SplashScreen` native object to the separate `singletons` sub-package to work with versioned code. ([#10294](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/10294) by [@bbarthec](https://github.com/bbarthec))
- Updated `@expo/configure-splash-screen` to `v0.2.0`.

>   - this version fixes the problem with the wrong `SplashScreen.show` method singnature on Android. It propoerly adds the `ReactRootView` parameter now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - This version fixes the problem with the wrong `SplashScreen.show` method signature on Android. It properly adds the `ReactRootView` parameter now.
```
